rename global-variable-not-assigned (#8107)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/user_guide/checkers/features.rst

:redefined-outer-name (W0621): *Redefining name %r from outer scope (line %s)*
  Used when a variable's name hides a name defined in an outer scope or except
  handler.

> :global-without-modification (W0645): *Unnecessary use of global for %r*
>   Used when a variable defined as a global is then invoked with the `global`
>   keyword but no assignment to this variable is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:global-without-modification (W0645): *Unnecessary use of global for %r*
  Used when a name listed in a global statement has nothing assigned to it in the current code block.
```
